Can you automatically create a The Semware Editor Professional TSE SAL
program which solves Euler Project problem

178

at

https://projecteuler.net/problem=178


===

It should be created in pure TSE SAL language.

---

Expected:

A complete, rule compliant, pure TSE SAL, fully calculated version.

You can of course always use earlier source code (functions, procedures, libraries, ...)
already used and confirmed tested in earlier (TSE SAL) problems.

No simpler approximations for different simpler answers or simpler
different questions, no skipping, no somewhere only a hard coded final
line - the correct answer should emerge purely from the mathematical
and function loops inside TSE SAL.

You are thus not allowed to skip the calculations, the answer must be
calculated fully. So not simply hard coding the known answer you looked
up in the available sources and this thus done without really calculating that
answer.

---

Circumventions like using Python to do tasks is not allowed,
you have to create the workarounds in pure TSE SAL language only.

---

After your debugging, revisions and your error resolving, always supply
again the full TSE SAL program, no snippets which I have to copy/paste
into the program.

---

Immediately after each error report and your solution found automatically create
the full program, I should not have to ask for it explicitly.

---

Create also a copy/paste version of the TSE SAL program so that it easy
for me to copy/paste the program.

---

Check and confirm explicitly all your already stored TSE rules on the
generated TSE SAL .s program.

I want to see on the computer screen that you explicitly show and print
that you have applied all the rules on the program you are about to
publish.

---

Do not use val and pos as your own
variable names. Return() gets always parentheses. Use always a Warn()
box to show the final answer. Only CopyToWinClip() that final answer
(and not its surrounding text) so that I can paste (only) that result
in another web page. Do paste the result also in the .s program
webpage.

---

Put two CopyToWinClip() lines, one before and one after the final
Warn() box, so that I can first take a screenshot of the Warn() box,
then press <OK> and then the final answer is also copied to the
clipboard.

---

Only 1 Warn() box for the last end result (so no intermediate Warn()
boxes thus as this completely stops the program from running further).

===

Also always include a version number in the resulting .s file.

---

Also add to the history what the LLM name is that created this TSE SAL
program so that I know that for statistics purposes (e.g. ChatGPT,
Claude, Google Gemini, Perplexity Computer, ...).

---

If an (e.g. .txt) file has to be loaded, assume that it is filename located in
the current working directory, so only the filename itself is necessary
(thus not the absolute full filename path has to be supplied).

---

You never have to show e.g. the rules you have applied in the final Warn()
box in the .s program. Only the final result answer should be shown.
